KMP v4 (#416)
adaptyteam/adapty-docs: src/content/docs/version-3.0/sdk-installation-kotlin-multiplatform.mdx

- If your project uses `.gradle.kts` files, add dependencies to your **module-level** `build.gradle.kts`
- If you use version catalogs, add dependencies to your `libs.versions.toml` file and then, reference it in `build.gradle.kts`

:::important

> Adapty Kotlin Multiplatform SDK 4.0 is a pre-release. Gradle does not select pre-release versions through dynamic version ranges (like `+` or `latest.release`), so you must pin the exact version — for example `io.adapty:adapty-kmp:4.0.0-beta1`, or `adapty-kmp = "4.0.0-beta1"` in `libs.versions.toml`. See [Migrate Adapty Kotlin Multiplatform SDK to v4](migration-to-kmp-sdk-v4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapty Kotlin Multiplatform SDK 4.0 is a pre-release. Gradle does not select pre-release versions through dynamic version ranges (like `+` or `latest.release`), so you must pin the exact version — for example `io.adapty:adapty-kmp:4.0.0-beta.1`, or `adapty-kmp = "4.0.0-beta.1"` in `libs.versions.toml`. See [Migrate Adapty Kotlin Multiplatform SDK to v4](migration-to-kmp-sdk-v4).
```
